Argh!
Help!
Get the beast out before
it cleaves me in two!
Get your bastard hands inside
me and tug the bugger free!
Fetch Treves.
Chloroform. now!
Which nimgimmer's this. then?
The one who's to
cut you open. woman.
Please. sir. he's
mine. I beg you!
Please do not take him from me!
Morning porter found her. at
the foot of the Eastern Stair.
She came to you when?
A touch after
eight this night last.
as I prepared my testimony for
the Linklater enquiry. She was filthy.
Cursed like a stevedore.
Her son delivered by Caesar
one hour later and now removed.
We know not where. Or by whom.
Whoever pushed her down
that stairwell. I should think.
With a mother now
dead. poor child.
vulnerable does not
quite cover it. Inspector.
No belongings?
Nothing to say her name
or who might miss her now?
None.
Then she goes to my
American at Leman Street.
One last thing you should see.
Sergeant. help me turn her.
It may help identify her.
Oh. blimey.
Who's to say you
are not beautiful?
Wilson!
Jedediah Shine lays his
sergeant in earth this morning.
Needs must. our
respects are paid.
It is yet to be stated
how. precisely.
Sergeant Linklater met his end.
Granted. the iron railing that
passed through him had a say.
But there are whisperings
on the wind. Wilson.
our dear friend Edmund Reid may
have lent a shoulder to that passing.
Talk of the wolf.
How now. Inspector?
Such an injury. Mr Reid.
It changes a man.
Humbles him. in fact.
Humble Fred Best.
I wonder how it is you
show your faces here.
He was my friend.
And yet you are happy to
remain at the side of a man
whose hand is suspected in
that friend's own timely demise?
You ought to be careful. Mr
Shine. making such statements.
How. Sergeant?
Fellas might ask. what's
to be gained from slurring
the reputation of a
man such as Mr Reid.
Yeah. indeed.
- And that slur hides the truth.
- Whose?
Yours! Inspector. Your
activities in this division.
Wilson!
You are a disgrace
to badge and uniform.
It is your inspector here that is the
disgrace. and you would slur me?
Then I must seek recompense.
Then seek it. sir!
Word had it you'd
left the roped ring.
Word has it right.
Well. then. I confess myself
relieved that you have not
grown entirely soft...
on your whore
wife's perjury of love.
No. Not here. Not now.
But soon. Sergeant. Once the world
has heard Mr Treves sworn testament
and knows Inspector
Reid for the killer he is.
Bruising and breakage
to the hip. pelvis.
knee and back. Her humerus.
radius and ulna. however. are intact.
She didn't use her
arms to break the fall.
She kept the child
clutched to her chest.
She died to protect it.
A mother's instinct.
Gone to nothing.
Treves described her as
filthy and abject. didn't he?
But I think she is beautiful.
And whoever cared for
her thought the same.
Torn and distressed. However.
the stitching is highly skilled...
These threads.
stolen most likely.
Tell me. did she
steal her skin as well?
See her face -zinc oxide.
It keeps the skin fair.
Kept well for a while.
Oh. she was kept perfect.
And yet. no attempt was
made to remove... that from her.
You think that makes her.
what? Less than human?
We were all animals
once. it is now said.
Some more closely
related than others.
I would. in conscience.
leave off riding Sergeant Drake.
He has buried a friend today.
Blessed though she may
be. this woman was murdered
and her child taken.
This tail is a vestige.
It is a memento of
all that we once were.
In water. beneath the canopy.
Sergeant Drake.
The freak shows were run
off the street fronts last year.
but there was talk. was there not.
of Tom Norman's troop splintering.
a faction returning
from Nottingham?
Hidden away under the
railway arches. up on Artillery.
Chief Inspector Abberline.
Inspector Reid.
Reinforcements.
He's a boy. I said... I
asked... Not another boy.
Sergeant? You are short here. I
am correct in that understanding?
You are.
He is. We are. sir.
You believe there to be a
line outside my office. do you?
A battalion of gnarled veterans.
each and every one of them
begging to bring their
fight to your division?
Light. friend? This one.
Detective Constable Flight -
worked overtime in uniform
on his own coin. his collar rate
in so doing sufficient to push
both yours and mine into the corner.
In Bloomsbury. Fred.
And now appointed to the
CID. He wishes to work here.
He volunteers for this sink.
Edmund. For Whitechapel.
Inspector Reid. It is an
honour. I shan't let you down. sir.
Easily said. Constable.
Harder to prove.
Inspector. private word?
Little birdie hopped
on my shoulder earlier.
Told me a story about
a ruckus at a funeral.
That birdie currently
sporting a tea cup for an ear?
Oi! You two!
If Drake cannot keep
his spleen inside him.
it is up to you to
provide discipline.
Oi!
Sergeant Linklater
was his friend.
And Jedediah
Shine is his superior.
And if that superior merits
such insubordination.
merits worse than that. perhaps?
No. You leave be.
It's not as if your name is
currently being sung from the
rooftops with the
acme of probity.
And should Treves not clear you
at that inquest. so it will remain.
You are my friend. but. Ed -
you make accusations against a
man of such standing without evidence.
No. You hear me?
Inspector? Am I heard?
To Artillery.
All men of ambition need a
trade to fall back on. Miss Hart.
A skill. which keeps
both body and soul apiece
when the wind of
fortune turns cold.
So I'm glad to see you're not
broken by our new terms. Miss Hart.
You do not wish to count it?
We are friends. And
friends do not break trust.
Or forget their
obligations to each other.
Obligations which. should you
need reminder. might be forgot.
within just one word and just
one night. If you have my meaning?
If that will be all. Mr Duggan.
Oh.
Do send my regards
to your pistol twister.
You must have him working
those skilled fingers to the knuckle.
What ho! Caliban! I say!
Wouldst thou seek to
violate the honour of my child?
I will rack thee. Caliban.
make thee roar that beasts
shall tremble at thy din.
That's enough now.
Sergeant. I think.
Now. now. lady. This
sideshow is now shut down.
On what grounds?
On the grounds of a murder
inquiry. Miss Pettigrew.
Murder and abduction. An infant
boy taken from his murdered mother.
And you believe we can
help you in this because?
She also had a blessing.
A protrusion at the
base of her spine.
A tail?
You must mean Stella Brooks.
Oh. John.
She was found last
night. Mr Goode.
And a child?
You say. her child?
A boy. We believe alive.
- But taken.
- Oh!
When did you last
see her. Mr Goode?
Almost seven
months ago to the day.
That is precise recall.
I have been looking for her.
She was what - your lover?
At the hospital. she
was unaccompanied?
Nothing upon her but the
ragged clothes she wore.
But those clothes...
once pretty.
She had been. at one
point at least. well treated.
By folk with money.
Here. brother. Let me
give you something.
There is nothing for me!
Out the way. Haystack.
That man... trussed up as
Caliban. with you. all last night?
He was. And all
here will confirm it.
That's an impressive
artifice you got there.
Oh. it's not artifice.
It's John's gift.
He's impervious to pain.
But not. alas. to suffering.
And Miss Brooks? What of her?
Rootless. Orphaned. Tom Norman
had her displayed in a glass cabinet -
only her rear. mind.
For an extra penny. they could open
the box and a man might tug on her.
And no family?
No friends other than yourselves to
tell who might mean her such harm?
There is a friend. And he
is known to you already. sir.
You must. Joseph.
You must say what you saw.
Come!
Mr Treves.
How can I help you. Inspector?
I'd have you confirm something.
What of it?
In one week. you will stand
in front of a judicial inquiry
and pronounce what took
my sergeant from this life.
I would know now if you
will tell precisely what it was
you witnessed when you came upon
Edmund Reid at my man's bedside.
That is for me to share with
none other than the coroner.
Good day to you.
Good day. Mr Merrick.
You are a good man. sir.
But you have no clue of
the suffering that is meted out
in the Leman Street cells.
Suffering that
Inspector Reid sanctions
in the name of investigation.
Mr Treves?
J... Joseph?
There is a matter urgent.
I believe. which I
would share with you.
Mr Merrick. I don't believe
I have had the pleasure.
I... My... My apologies.
Do not disturb.
Hush now. No panic. Mr
M. No harm is meant here.
Not yet. leastwise.
Please. my supports...
I'm suffocating...
Upsidaisy.
So it is true. then?
You must sleep upright. like a
marionette on a puppeteer's shelf?
This life -six bags of
shit till Sunday. is it not?
And here am I about
to make yours worse.
You see. it strikes me you may have
laid eyes on me some place before.
The night my man
Linklater passed?
No. I... I must have
myself confused.
That is a relief.
Nevertheless...
I hope neither of us
will now forget the other.
Forget how easy it is for me to come
by and say. "How do. Mr Merrick?
"I do hope the day
finds you well. And safe.
"And not inclined to say
nothing you should not."
Are we understood. sir?
Sergeant Artherton.
how do we find Mr Flight?
He is calm. sir. And quiet.
Which is a bonus.
Mr Flight. would you
agree with that assessment?
I would always agree
with my sergeant.
- Oh. biddable. are we?
- Servile. even?
We shall see. For
now. Detective.
let's see how developed your
archive and telegraph skills are.
John Goode. A common enough
name and most uncommon man.
See what you can find.
I want to know why
he would run from us.
Follow me. Up here. son.
Yes. sir.
Mr Merrick.
Mr Merrick...
Detective Inspector Reid.
I'd hoped to talk with you.
Please. I... I am not well.
I have only a few
questions. Mr Merrick.
I have said that I am unwell!!
Sir. sir. sir. sir. sir...
No! You overstep. Inspector. Or
have you no respect for my wishes?
Of course.
But it is a friend of yours
from the side shows... No. sir!
Reid! This is unconscionable!
You will not bring your Leman
Street ways to this hospital again.
- But...
- No. sir.
Joseph. I'm sorry. Joseph.
Does Mr Merrick have
knowledge of her. sir?
If he does. he will
not share it with me.
John Goode's books. That's
some technical reading.
Mr Galton. Mr Galton
is a cousin of Mr Darwin.
This. he investigates
if our abilities might be
inherited from our parents.
and if we. in turn. hand on those
same abilities to our children.
Pugilism. for example.
- Or depravity.
- Quite.
Here. his argument evolves.
He invents a term -eugenics.
Suggests that the qualities
to which we might aspire
could be bred
into the family line.
And what of the weak?
The weak. the idle. the
ugly. the dim-witted. the mad.
The deformed?
They are to be bred out.
Take a seat. Detective.
Drink. Flight?
My thanks. No.
A Mick that doesn't
take a sip. uh?
And a unicorn stopped traffic
on the East India Dock Road.
What do you have. Flight?
John Goode. sir.
- Sit down.
- Not so hard to dig out.
The man has history here.
recent. but history nonetheless.
Fines for drunken
brawling. mainly.
Ropemakers. The Trinity-that's
low-rent boozing. even round here.
The first we know of him here. He
and a woman breaking the peace.
assaulting one
another in the street.
And see her name. Mr Reid...
Stella Brooks.
Nothing before. not a sneeze.
and then September 22nd. this.
Almost precisely seven months
past. When she leaves him.
And his behaviour
degenerating in her absence.
And this the reason
for her leaving?
Did she drop on him the
news that she carried his child?
He didn't exactly rejoice.
They fight. She leaves.
And he hunts her.
He hunts her down
the same streets.
Here - more arrests for
vagrancy. drunkeness.
Ropemakers. Trinity. Thomas
Street. There's pattern to his behaviour.
And so. I thought. Inspector.
if I took a turn through
those streets myself.
I might build an understanding of
him. may indeed pick up his trail.
Then go.
Flight - Drake goes with you.
I'm sure Mrs Drake
expects the sergeant.
He's right. She does.
Take Drake or you're
scrubbing latrines.
Nursemaid. is it?
Just watch him.
You know. Drake or no Drake -
this place is going to shit in
his shoes one day or the next.
He ain't Hobbs.
He ain't.
Will you eat. Captain?
Sorry. Reid. I got. er. I got
dinner with the lady tonight.
Oh. of course. of
course. of course.
The challenge we face.
therefore. those of us who rightly
refuse to accept the
biological status of our species.
is how the debilities
and handicaps
that impair our existence
might be corrected for our heirs.
What is called for. I believe. is
courage. the courage and conviction.
Systematically. to experiment
upon the whole process of breeding.
But not amongst
Sativa or Crustacea.
On complex organisms...
organisms more
like ourselves. in fact.
The correction and improvement
of humankind is indeed realisable.
Thank you.
I say?
Hello. there?
I say. this wing is
research fellows only.
Do I know you?
Oi! Get back here.
Three separate occasions.
he was ejected for brawling.
Only two of us in that
doss-house. We get cornered.
It's a long fight out.
Should we be so
frightened. Sergeant?
Come then. Constable.
I shall show you.
Pretty. ain't it?
John Goode?
I seek a John Goode.
How does one find a
man in such a place?
They are not men no more.
You may not tell 'em apart.
Come. Our luck
is already chanced.
- John Goode?
- Oi!
Devil black spy!
Do you bob from me?
Police. Get back.
- Pigs!
- Bloody fool!
Man: Pigs in the pen.
Back off!
Back! Back off! Run!
Clever fellow. ain't ya?
Tough bugger. ain't you?
Right. Detective
Constable. run along now.
Is there no-one at home
waits for you. Albert?
Not currently. Mrs Drake.
You should call me Bella.
You should call her Mrs Drake.
I lay my head at Mrs Burton's
lodging house on Commercial Street.
Once I am settled. I shall find
more permanent accommodation.
Well. head you home
and get your rest.
Rest. Mrs Drake?
Not this night.
Villainy does not rest.
I do not intend to either. My
thanks. Mrs Drake. Sergeant.
Where did you come from?
Over the hills and far away.
What's stopping
us? Life ain't work.
Cairo. you and me.
Your sergeant's salary
stretches this far. does it?
No.
We're going to take what we've
made here. we're going to cash in...
And what has been made
here. save the names Long Susan
and Captain Jackson?
C'mon. I see the bills you count.
I see the numbers you
scratched in. in that ledger.
Yes. but once counted. you do
not see where those bills leave to.
Nothing here is yours.
Nothing here is mine.
Then whose?
Three years - you never
asked. Never cared.
Hey. you're the one that
wanted to play business-lady
and now I'm asking.
Whose is it?
Whose?!
Silas Duggan.
Businesswoman who gives all
the profits away to somebody else.
I wonder why I
didn't think of that!?
I swear to God. you...
are as dead in the
head as this slab of meat!
How could you be so
god damn reckless?
- So. so. so. so god damn...
- What?! What?!
- ..irresponsible!?
- From you!
I mean it. I had
a right to know.
You have no rights. save
the ones you took. for gratis.
each and every night.
in my view and hearing.
Things were different then.
No. The same.
And the same reality prevails.
This place - its people and profits.
The property of... Silas Duggan.
We were destitute.
wanted. criminal.
Not what you would call a sound
investment. Duggan took the chance.
No. What he took was our lives.
Susan. Ground rent plus 50% income.
Any more. Mr Shine?
Sufficient. I think. Mr Duggan.
Barton. good of you to
come when summoned.
I wait on your orders.
Inspector. you know that.
Nothing like loyalty.
is there. Mr Duggan?
Oh. nothing in the
world. Mr Shine.
I'm relieving you of your
everyday duties. Barton.
send you to some surveillance.
Because as we know.
elephants do not forget.
Inspector Reid!
I will not stand.
Mr Merrick. I am well known
to you and I mean no harm.
I come only to enquire
after a friend to you -Stella.
Stella Brooks.
delivered of her child
just hours before she... met her
death here. sir. on these corridors.
When was it you last saw her?
September. L... last year.
After they had fought
and she had left him?
Yes.
And can you say. was it on
account of her pregnancy?
She said she could
not forgive him.
Because he struck her?
No -she could not forgive him
for... for the rage he
felt at the child inside her.
Did she say where it
was she meant to go?
To John's father -a doctor.
And did Goode know this?
John had for ever kept his family a
secret from her. his true name also.
The father. a man of wealth.
well able to care for her
and her child - did
she mention a name?
No. she did not. Mr Reid. I
cannot help you further. I...
Mr Merrick. your
help in this matter...
..it is invaluable.
- Been like this all night. they have.
- Your ingratitude is dazzling!
Oh. so I'm supposed to be
grateful for this slave status. huh?
Oh. good morning. Reid.
And. er. what is it
that brings you by?
There's insight
I'd share with you.
So you didn't come
for your shirts then?
Oh. come on - you
truly believe I cannot tell
when another man's shirts
are laundered in my own house?
Although given your head.
you would not have it so
a great deal longer
now. would you?
What? You will not tell your friend
and accomplice? Then allow me.
Your mercenary hireling has
designs on a change of location.
Wishes to up and
leave you. Inspector.
Come on. don't be
such a baby. Reid.
You think this is the
garden spot of the world?
My one ambition to remain
here. chained to you?
Anyway-it's not like I'll be
sailing away any time soon!
You know. this brooding martyr
thing you perfect - it can really grate.
John Goode. Not his real name.
What of him?
A rich man's son. finding
fellowship in a freak show.
- We must ask why.
- The thing with the poker.
It's a skill. not a
handicap. But the palsy...
- The tremor in him.
- So whilst I still may make use of it.
set your great medical
mind to that. will you?
Detective Constable Flight.
Mr Reid.
In the future. you will do
Sergeant Drake the service
of knowing what is best
for you. Will you not?
I will. sir.
Now. speak.
John Goode has been
incarcerated - not in jail. however.
Two spells at The
Lark House Asylum.
Can you speculate
as to which physician?
Karl Crabbe.
The very same.
What tricks did he play
on Mr Goode. I wonder?
Inspector Reid.
A pleasing interruption
to an otherwise dull year.
I forget.
Oh. really. Inspector?
In the current mood?
My mind advances.
but my frame is frail.
How would your newly
sullied reputation cope
with another interview
concluding in a man's death?
Gossip. Reid. It's
a fact of prison life.
Were I to tell you the
life of an infant boy
depended on your speaking.
might that make impact?
Not really.
Then what. Doctor?
There is a tale told. Inspector.
The guards here
tell it. Of your wife.
Rending herself in the
Leman Street gutter.
Sergeant Drake has
heard the tale too. I see.
How difficult for you all.
What is it you want?
To hear it from you. Reid. The
man who brought me so low.
Sergeant Drake.
- Sir?
- Leave us.
- But...
- You heard. Sergeant.
Captain Jackson
found her. In The Bear.
Barely dressed. it is
said. Demanding drink.
He attempted to remove her.
She would not be removed.
And so he carried her.
Which is when she screamed.
In the street. You
tended to her?
I did.
Your sergeant. all
others to bear witness?
And no man to ask you why?
Why such hysteria grew in her.
What cruelty could possibly
merit so public a humiliation?
What did you do
to her. Inspector?
I...
..I lied.
Lied. you say?
On what subject?
Damn you!
I offered her unfair
hope and I deceived her.
I gave her false cause to
believe our lost daughter alive.
And I took another
woman to my bed.
Do you know. Inspector.
of all the emotions.
which is the most
insidious and entrapping?
Shame.
It carves its home in
the marrow of your bones
and rests there for all time.
Where can I find
him? This John Goode.
Whatever he is truly
called. My secrets for his.
A name I cannot give you.
But there is a father.
a doctor. as you know.
And there was a brother.
Both boys subjected to a
regime. a physical regime akin.
you might say. to torture.
Feats of strength insisted upon.
Their bodies stretched from
an early age. beaten with sticks.
bent double.
- But to what end. however?
He could never
articulate it with precision.
Only that he and his
brother shared a curse.
A curse that killed the boys'
mother. A curse of the blood.
And what of the brother?
Drowned himself one morning.
beneath the waters of the Serpentine.
The child you fear for.
if it is Goode's. he will
think it similarly cursed.
A curse of the blood. as Dr
Crabbe would have it. Goode's palsy.
the premature
death of his mother.
An inherited handicap.
Yes. and so -the medical mind?
Huntington's Chorea! Huntington's
Chorea. Slow death sentence. Reid.
What?
The piecemeal loss of all
that makes you feel human.
If either or both of the parents
manifest signs of the disease.
one or more of the offspring
will invariably suffer also.
If. however. those children
manage to go through life
and never manifest.
the thread is broken.
The reason why. then.
this doctor father sought to
make his sons impervious?
To breed out the mutation.
What. then. would he have
made of Miss Brooks' tail?
Perhaps he did not get sight
of it. Not for a good while.
He enjoyed her beauty. until
he claps eyes on her behind.
His disgust sending
her to the streets.
Until... Until he
wonders at his grandson.
at what manner of
man he might become.
And goes to reclaim him.
Five. sir. Five men drowned
in the Serpentine that year.
Corcoran. Robert
Corcoran. age 25.
There is a zoologist
named Corcoran.
He's a... He's a research fellow
at the Natural History
extension of the British Museum.
He concerns himself almost
exclusively with the practical
development of theories first
pronounced by Jean-Baptiste Lamarck.
The biological inheritance
of acquired characteristics.
Our children. Flight. The strength
and skills acquired in this life.
so he proposes. may be handed
down to those who must live the next.
Corcoran is Goode's father.
Corcoran has the child.
Sergeant Drake. a hansom.
We are for South Kensington.
Sir. should I...?
Big boy's game now. son.
Mr. take your mask off.
Go on. take your mask off.
Back! All of you! Back!
Sir. Here. sir. With me.
What is wrong with you?
This man is your fellow!
You would stone him?!
You call him monster?!
Hm? Look on your own sins!
Sir. what is it that's
brought you here?
Inspector Reid.
I... I would speak with him.
I... I believe it urgent.
The Inspector pursues a case.
But I might bring
you to him. sir.
Driver! Step to it.
Alexander.
Hello. Papa.
Is he well?
He is fed and begins to thrive.
And the future? Is
his blood cursed?
Well. the science
is not yet exact.
But the work we performed. you
and I. your strength. Alexander...
My strength. my strength
to absorb your pain.
I made you strong
so that our descendants
might not suffer your curse.
I have hope for this boy.
But none for myself.
Not then. not now.
No.
His mother. Stella. The
day she came to you.
You must have rejoiced
at her? So fine. so strong.
What happened? Did you
finally have full sight of her?
That thing.
We are not so backward as a race
that she could not
have had it removed.
But do you not see. Father?
She had the most
fortunate gift of all.
She felt no shame
for who she was.
And you killed her.
She would not hand him to me.
Slipped. Had she only understood
what was best for the child...
Best for him! What
is best for him?
That he suffer witnessing
your everyday revolution of hope
and despair at his progress?
Or lack of it? Is
that his future?
No.
Best he never knows you.
Or me. Or himself.
Alexander. you hand
that boy back to me!
I am too
well-conditioned. Father.
Alexander. stop!
Alexander! Stop!
Stop!
Alexander. do
not hurt that child!
Alexander!
William Corcoran?
Where is the child?
You are for jail. sir.
Murder and abduction.
I care not for myself. officer.
No! Wait! Mr Goode. wait!
Back! Back. stay back!
Mr Goode. I beg you. I beg
you. Think what you are doing.
I know all too well.
I seek only to reduce
the amount of suffering in
this world. We are cursed!
But sir. I beg you. The child's
fate cannot yet be known.
Please. John! Listen to him!
Joseph?
Mr Reid is known to me. John.
I... I... I... I trust in him.
would... would help him.
Would... would help you.
No-one can help. Joseph.
My brother knew that.
But what of Stella's
wishes for her child?
She is gone. Joseph. and this
child and I. we are left with this truth.
And what is that? That
there is no hope for you?
There is a monster in him.
As surely as there is one in me.
John. look at me. Do it.
Do it!
Am I not monstrous?
It is the truth of my
every waking moment.
And yet. despite
all. I feel joy.
No. I do. I do!
I hear the bells ring from my
room. the chatter of the nurses.
Once. beyond my window.
I... I watched one of their number
make love to the night porter.
I... I... I have never
known that. John.
The... the secret
intimacy of a woman.
that might have told
me I was... desired.
Beautiful in another's eyes.
You. you have known that. John.
Do... do you remember it?
I do.
And what does it feel like?
It felt like peace.
Would you deny your son
that peace. that... that joy?
That... that hope?
It is life. John.
Only life.
What you hold in your arms.
For ever and always. Mr Merrick.
I shall remember you for this.
He is my friend. You
would do no less. Mr Reid.
You put all above yourself.
I know that of you. sir.
You are the best of men.
It is no happy accident
I came to you today.
I... I know not what
the result of this will be.
but there is knowledge
I must share with you.
I... I... I should have said
before. long before. but you see.
I... I saw him.
I... I saw Inspector Shine
murder Sergeant Linklater.
Detective Constable Flight!
You will escort Mr Merrick
back to his rooms at The London.
You remain outside his
door. and allow no man access
unless it is myself.
Yes. sir. Please. Mr
Merrick. Allow me.
With me. Sergeant.
We must bring Chief
Inspector Abberline here
to hear Mr Merrick's testimony.
How do. Mr Merrick.
Why the long face?
Could not do as you
were bid. could you?
Are you not the
brave and noble fellow
and I quite the contrary?
Forced to make a habit of
stealing through these corridors
to end another man's life.
I might almost
resent you for it.
No. no.
Please. please...
What will men say?
The Elephant Man
hoped to lay down in rest...
..like any other Englishman.
A forlorn and now tragic hope.
He must have lain
back. To rest his head.
Oh. Joseph.
You have your peace now.
What is this?
You may well ask.
I have. this past hour.
come from the grieving
fireside of Frederick Treves.
He is decided on what the
Linklater jury shall now hear from him.
Your sergeant succumbed
to his injuries. Jedediah.
I will not accept that. Fred.
Myself likewise.
Chief Inspector.
Nonetheless. you
shall both do so.
There will be no more talk of
this officer and his role that night.
And you. Edmund.
You will cease all questioning
and suspicion of Inspector
Shine's good name.
You ask the impossible.
You ask me to
wilfully fail in my duty.
You are both too valuable
to the preservation of
peace in this quarter.
And I will not have
that undermined.
The two of you.
You shake hands.
Now!
I take orders from
a man to come here.
I service the needs of
another I call husband.
And there is the man
Duggan who owns me.
Reid. I swear to God if
anything happens to her...
What is it you fear?